The Project contains following list of tasks.
1. Make 3 distinct mobile apps with the same screen and UI/UX as in the picture
above and name them Instance A, Instance B, Instance C and provide separate APK
for each of these.
2. In each of these apps, as can be on the screen above, the following data should be
editable.
a. Count of each of the product instances
b. the type of packaging for the product
c. the MRP value (per piece sales price)
d. the PP value (per piece purchase price)
e. Picture of medicine packet
3. The change in purchase price for each medicine will change the individual Sub Total
and consequently, the Total at the bottom.
4. Users can save the change by pressing save button.
5. Even though all 3 apps are supposed to be distinct and they should have their own
database, when the phone is connected to the internet, all 3 apps should work
with a common database (and update the app-specific database based on this
common database). However, this common database should be located within the
same phone as the apps. This is to avoid additional effort for having a separate
database outside the phone. The idea is to test the offline-online data syncing
concept here. Nonetheless, having this common database means, changing from
one app, which also reflects on the other app, when the phone is connected to the
internet.
6. However, if the phone is set offline, the individual app will only save its changes in its
own database. When the phone is set back online, the common database should be
updated, and all three phones should have the same data.
7. When syncing the changes into the common database from each app database,
after the phone is back online, it should be done based on the timestamp of the
change that took place in each individual app, when the phone was offline.
8. Additionally, a windows executable of the app should also be provided, so that it
can easily be installed and played on a windows OS. The target for the task is to
check some minimum experience in windows. As we don’t have a real database for
this task, it would be very difficult for the windows app instance to access the data
from the common database on the phone. That’s why we would only like to see a
theoretical proposal (architecture or software design) about how to handle data
syncing for the windows app instance, in the most efficient manner. However, it
would be very impressive if you could also set up a database which can easily be
accessed both from phone and windows, and make the windows instance capable
of both pushing and pulling the changes to the online database.
9. Please also provide the code of this app. Please document the code so that one can
easily understand most of the logic.
